## Q2
> In manufacturing license plates consisting of two letters followed by four digits, if repetitions are allowed, how many of the plates only have vowels and even digits? *(0 is considered even)*

- Procedure
	- 5 choices for the first letter (A, E, I, O, U)
	- 5 choices for the second letter
	- 5 choices for the first number (0, 2, 4, 6, 8)
	- 5 choices for the second number
- The total permutations is $5^{5}$ ways

---
## Q4
> 10 members of the board of directors choose a new slate of company officers from the members. How many different slates consisting of a president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer?

- The total number of different slates is $P(10,4)=\dfrac{10!}{6!}$

> Three members of the board are physicians. How many slates have a physician nominated for the president?
- Procedure
	- 3 choices for the president (all the physicians)
	- 9 choices for the vice president
	- 8 choices for the secretary
	- 7 choices for the treasurer
- There are $3*9*8*7$ different slates

> How many slates have exactly one physician appearing on the slate?
- Procedure
	- 4 ways to arrange one physician into each position
	- For each way, there are 3 possible physicians to fulfil the position
	- With three slate positions left, there are $P(7,3)=\dfrac{7!}{4!}$ ways to arrange everyone else
- There are $4*3*\dfrac{7!}{4!}$ different slates

> How many slates have at least one physician appearing on the slate?
- Procedure (might be easier to find how many slates don't have any physicians?)
	- There are $P(7,4)=\dfrac{7!}{3!}$ slates without a physician
	- Since there are $P(10,4)=\dfrac{10!}{6!}$ total slates
- There are $\dfrac{10!}{6!}-\dfrac{7!}{3!}$ slates with at least one physician

---
## Q6
> 30 people enter a race where different sized trophies are awarded to the first 8 runners who finish. How many ways will it be possible to award the trophies?

- The total number of ways to award is $P(30,8)=\dfrac{30!}{22!}$

> If Robert and Candice are two participants, how many ways can the trophies be awarded with these two runners among the top three?

- Procedure
	- $P(3,2)=6$ ways to choose the top three having Robert and Candice take two spots
	- 28 ways to choose the other spot in the top three
	- $P(27,5)=\dfrac{27!}{22!}$ for the rest of the awards
- The total number of ways to award is $6*28*\dfrac{27!}{22!}$

---

## Q15
